BEP update (#88)
bids-standard/bids-website: _pages/get_involved.md

| [BEP008](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FWex_kSPWVh_f4rKgd5rxJmxlboAPtQlmBc1gyZlRZM) | Magnetoencephalography (MEG)               | Guiomar Niso                                      |
| [BEP010](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qMUkoaXzRMlJuOcfTYNr3fTsrl4SewWjffjMD5Ew6GY) | intracranial Electroencephalograpgy (iEEG) | Chris Holdgraf, Dora Hermes                       |

> As an extension matures, there are cases when the BEP becomes a tool rather than merged into the main body of the specification. Below is a table of BEPs that have become tools. 

Reviewer: Minor rephrase to cut out the "maturing extensions" part, which we already talk about in the into of the table above.

```suggestion
Some proposals that set out to extend the BIDS specification have instead become tools for handling BIDS. See the table below.
```

| Extension label                                                                           | Title        | Moderators/leads                               | Tool name                                               |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| [BEP015](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WYOTXDB7GzlHoWqLjd45I3uGBgPxXddST-NTqBnroJE) | Mapping file | Eric Earl, Camille Maumet, and Vasudev Raguram | [File mapper](https://github.com/DCAN-Labs/file-mapper) |

All of the extension ideas that are not backwards compatible and thus
will have to wait for BIDS 2.0 are listed

> [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LEgsMiisGDe1Gv-hBp1EcLmoz7AlKj6VYULUgDD3Zdw).

Reviewer: I think we should move this sentence about BIDS 2.0 up to the top:

```
You can also contribute to ongoing BIDS Extension Proposals. Below is a
table of currently-active BEPs. The "Extension label" column provides a
direct link to the documentation.

Note that all extension ideas that are not backwards compatible and thus
will have to wait for BIDS 2.0 are listed
[here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LEgsMiisGDe1Gv-hBp1EcLmoz7AlKj6VYULUgDD3Zdw)
instead.

```

Author: perhaps to keep this focused on the BEP update may you please open a new PR with this proposal?

Reviewer: Yes, I'll do that once this PR is merged. Before we can merge it, can you answer my comment in https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-website/pull/88#pullrequestreview-347202380 ?

--> it'd perhaps make the review easier :-)
